you
hello boys and girls who whatever my
name is Captain Jack Sparrow ah i take
it some of you heard of me as you may
will know there are times almost
constantly in fact i prefer to look at
the world to the bottom of a glass rub
something like this
you may have also heard whisperings and
rumors that Jack Sparrow be recruiting a
crew to undertake a voyage the Fountain
of Youth optra course not but even if it
weren't not true you wouldn't be
interested in joining me would you hey
death lies before us as we say off
to the fountain of youth
you could guide an expedition
you are Jack Sparrow there should be a
capsule in there somewhere I hear a
woman
Jack Sparrow's in that hell bent to find
the Fountain of Youth don't be a fool
Jackie the fountain will test you was
that really necessary gentlemen the
fountain is the prize homemade waters
don't be on fire steady as she goes
what's your play Jack I thought I should
give you warning we're taking the shit
nothing personal Rock you just stay out
of it
there be dangers along the way firstly
mermaids
zombies blackbeard the pirate all
pirates fear
if I do not make it to the fountain
neither will you
is that it thanks sir
are we not king's man how is it we can
never meet without you pointing
something at me there's the jack I know
you know that feeling you getting your
standing in a high place sudden urge to
jump
I don't have it
is everyone seen that because I will not
be doing it again
you